Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burn.
It's the Monday morning podcast for Monday,
August 11th,
2014 Jesus fucking Christ.
I was going to record this thing Sunday night.
It's Sunday afternoon.
You know,
all of a sudden,
uh,
you know,
I got invited to a fucking pool pie
now.
I love the pool.
I love the Sun.
I love swimming and all that,
but I don't like going to pool parties.
I like going to a pool with his offense and no one could see me and my pasty
body.
So I'm going to go over there and it look like a fucking giant piece of chalk
and a pair of fucking swim shorts.
But,
uh,
so I figured maybe I'll have a couple of beers at which point,
you know,
old man like me sitting in the sun drinking some beers.
Um,
this podcast would be an absolute shit show.
And some of you probably thinking,
Oh,
you know,
that you should've done it,
dude.
Dude,
that would've been an epic.
Make a complete ass of yourself as opposed to the usual,
go fuck yourself.
Get some God damn French.
You know,
get some fucking friends and,
and in and watch them make an ass of themselves.
Not this guy,
not this guy,
not this week is he points to himself slapping himself in the chest.
Um,
I actually,
you know,
a lot of people don't realize this.
I could have been an Olympic swimmer,
but,
um,
I just couldn't get over the embarrassment I had in the shame of standing in
front of a crowd of people
with my pasty torso and legs,
my giant head.
But,
uh,
you know,
and my,
my little Tommy Lee leather underpants,
then I'm going to fucking where as your fucking swimming across the pool.
But,
uh,
I was actually a really good swimmer.
You know,
I was a really good swimmer.
Oh,
I could have been a professional swimmer.
Is fucking Versie still going off on this shit,
that classic Versie I didn't know where I'm minding my own business.
Paul Versey,
by the way,
from the Versie effect podcast.
Um,
he just,
out of nowhere,
he makes it classic Versie statement,
which is it's just,
it's through the fucking roof,
through the stratosphere,
right out into the Goddamn a milky way.
He said,
no sport in history will ever be as psychological and as mental is.
Golf,
he could have just said is a psychological was Gulf,
but he was trying to sound smart.
So we had and as mental,
okay.
Nothing could be as sugary and sugar ish as a sugar cookie.
Thank you Paul.
So of course I got to knock them down.
I got to knock down the statements and this is what I wrote back.
I wrote Pussies,
a sissy,
a sport ever complete waste of time.
And uh,
I just started going off on it and he was trying to defend it.
He goes,
well dude,
you know,
maybe if you played it,
if you'd played it,
you've understand.
It's like,
I've played it.
I caddied for three summers,
you know,
it's fucking,
it's exercise for nerds.
That's all it is.
I'm not saying that the people at the top fucking level that some of them aren't
good athletes.
Okay.
But I think the average professional golfer,
would you want to see Phil Mickelson throw a football?
You know,
I'm not,
maybe he could,
maybe he could surprise some people,
but just generally speaking,
look at that guy.
That guy is a champion in that sport.
Look at them with the fucking token man.
Tits,
sweat.
You know
you ever go down to a fucking golf course,
right?
And you just look at the average for some that's sitting there waiting to tee
off.
Does anybody,
anybody even look remotely athletic?
They're not.
You got to stick and you hitting a fucking ball that isn't moving because
baseball was too difficult.
He's going to throw it fast and try to get pregnant.
Even baseball,
fucking wiffle ball was too difficult for you.
So you went down,
you bought some three stooges,
silly ass fucking outfit and you go down there with the cleats for whatever
fucking reason.
You know like you're cutting back against the grain trying to pick up a couple
extra yards.
You're not,
you could go to home and fucking flip flops and you could go play a round a
fucking golf,
you know,
getting a ball.
It isn't moving.
That's,
and I'm not saying it's not fucking difficult.
Who gives a shit?
Do it so mental,
it's all mental.
You walk up,
you standing over the ball,
you got all that time to think about it.
Think about what
golf is on the same level is trying to catch a fly with chopsticks.
Yeah,
it's difficult.
But who gives a fuck?
Dude,
I got a syncness Putt.
If I don't sick this plot,
if I sink this puddle,
break a hundred.
What if you'd doubt who gives a shit?
Nobody cares.
But other unathletic fuck,
or former athletes who had too many fucking hoagies and now this is their id or
their in a miserable marriage.
So they go down to this fucking men's club.
They go down there and have a couple of beers and they stand around,
right?
Scratching their balls through the pocket of their fucking pants.
House keys Jingling,
right?
Just psyched to be out of the house.
It's a fucking reason to get away from your wife.
That's all it is,
okay?
But enough with this horse shit.
Okay.
And I know I'm not saying that there aren't people out there,
you know that are in great shape,
that are professional golfers and all of that.
I'm not saying that,
okay,
but you look at the champion and golf.
Look at Bubba Watson.
Does that guy look like he's ever done it?
Like curls,
a pushup,
anything?
He just looks how he looks.
You know,
he uh,
he's got that,
you know,
sort of sunken in chess with,
I have a couple of donuts every once in a while.
A little fucking flab around the middle,
okay?
I know I'm going to get a ton of shit for this,
but I don't care.
I am so fucking sick of everybody who plays golf.
Rich Vos is good at golf from the rich and Bonnie,
my wife hates me podcasts.
I'm out this way.
I'm hyping all the podcast this week I'm shitting on golf.
Rich Vos is actually,
from what I heard,
not only good at golf,
he is an excellent Golfer.
Rich Vos with his little hands.
You wouldn't want to see rich vos go over the middle and try and catch a
football.
Do you think those little hands could go up and grab it as some cornerbacks
coming in?
Timing it to knock his fucking head off.
He probably stopped slurring if it happened,
but anyways,
if fucking come in and and hit him right.
That's not a mental game.
That's not a mind fuck.
Jumping up in the air,
looking the other direction,
trying to catch a flying object as somebody else who's trained and knock you out
is coming in.
Give me a fucking break.
This is what I love about golf.
The average fucking cunt who plays that game is such,
is so horrible,
so fucking bad.
Okay.
At deck to go to a golf course.
It is a fucking shit show.
Fucking shit show.
You go down to play,
pick up hockey.
You go down and play pickup hope.
You see athletes,
you see athletic people,
you go to a golf course.
It is a fucking shit show.
It looks like one of those fat camp shows you wait for somebody comes stepping
out of the bushes telling everybody what house they're going to live in over the
next three months.
Okay.
Here's another thing about fucking golf.
Oh,
I'm on a tear here.
Here's another thing about golf.
I've never seen a fucking sport where every year they're trying to win.
There's so many non athletic on coordinated fuck heads play in that game that
every year they got to try to improve the equipment,
the equipment to make up for how bad everybody sucks.
Somehow make the fucking golf ball go further.
Somehow build a club to compensate for somebody is fucking man tits as they come
around.
Did they?
Did they redesign a football every year so you can throw it farther?
When did they finally going to get the equipment to catch up with how unathletic
the average golfer is in so many could actually keep it on the fucking course.
Look,
I'm not,
you know,
go out to have a couple of beers and smoke some stone.
It's a,
it's great guy time away from the ladies or whatever.
I'm not saying that,
but I am so fucking fed up with everybody trying to justify it first as a sport.
All right,
let's get into this dumb argument.
Like what makes a sport a sport?
Um,
my thing is if there's not somebody across from you trying to beat the living
shit out of you,
um,
I just stop you.
I don't,
I don't think it's a sport and I don't want to hear golfers.
Yeah.
The person trying to stop you is yourself,
man.
That happens in every fucking sport.
Okay?
Okay.
Every fucking sport.
You want to go up there against Roger Clemens at the height of his Roy roided
out fucking period and the and the guy in front of you just before you went up
went yard and the guy,
you want to be that next guy fucking digging into the box is that guy's out
there fucking grinding his teeth.
You want to talk about a mind fuck.
Trying to guess.
Yeah.
I'm going to guess which side of my fucking head he's going to throw at.
You're telling me standing over that Goddamn ball is a bunch of other fat flux.
Is staring at you is difficult
with your space.
Age designed fucking driver.
He's fucking cuts.
This is what you know,
you suck every year.
You got a new drive?
I dude,
I got a new one.
Yeah,
the even bigger Bertha.
Okay.
Out of the fucking lazy fucks that can't even carry their own bags.
You know,
they got some fucking little fucking Taiwanese kid carried double bags as they
walked down and they drive around in their little golf carts driving right up to
the ball and then the mind game starts again.
Give me a fucking break.
Okay.
All right.
Fuck Golf.
That's all I'm saying.
Okay.
This is the Monday morning podcast,
everybody and uh,
you know,
I say a lot of dump things and they go on for a long time,
which basically what happens here,
uh,
I want to thank everybody last week,
that enjoyed the fact that I called Orange is the new black,
I called it Clam Oz.
Okay.
I just think the title's a little long.
Um,
I,
I've actually tried to watch a couple episodes of that show and I just,
I dunno,
I just think that w that white girls should be getting the living shit kicked
out of her a lot more.
Okay.
Like she,
she and I,
I've started to watch the pilot and she just didn't have enough of a,
uh,
I can fucking handle myself background that,
you know,
every time I drop in I just feel like she should be Peyton somebodies toenails.
She never is.
She's fucking having arguments with people.
They would just grab a buyer fucking hair and spin her around the head,
like a helicopter thrower in the fucking corner and then just do unspeakable
things to her.
She'd be having a horrific time.
She wouldn't have the time to give monologues.
You know,
I'm shitting on a show I barely watched and uh,
you know,
which goes good cause I'm shitting on a sport I've barely played.
I tried playing,
it was fucking bored shitless.
I used to caddy at this,
uh,
this country club when I was a youngster.
I did it.
Uh,
I did it a couple times and there was a handful of people that were actually
athletic.
They were actually,
uh,
guys,
guys social and they were good.
They were good golfers and the rest of them,
uh,
with their stope at fucking thigh high argyle horse socks with them matching
fucking I'm selling newspaper hats coming out there with their big puffy in a
way we go pants.
Oh,
those guys were the fucking worse.
You didn't make any money.
Sometimes you try to go out again,
but you know,
half the time you go out with such a fucking hack and it had nothing to do with
golf.
Just blaming the sport.
It's like,
oh,
you suck at golf.
What sport are you good at?
Accounting.
Fucking asshole.
You'd be better at counting.
How many devils are on that golf ball then?
Actually,
why don't you start with fucking,
uh,
I dunno what I don't,
I don't know.
I think if you're going to play golf,
you shouldn't,
you should have to be able to play polo first.
If you could handle a horse,
it'd be hand eye coordination to fucking whacked.
That ball is you're riding on that fucking based in his nostrils flaring.
Then I'll entertain that.
Maybe your athletic when you go to walk out on the course,
but other than that
with the hazards in the dumb ass fucking rules,
you know,
here's another thing too.
And then everybody goes out and they fucking cheat all the time in this gimmes
and all of that Yak.
Go Fuck Yourself.
Fuck all of that.
I do like golf courses.
I liked them from the air.
It gives planes and helicopters a place to land.
Do you ever get in trouble?
Other than that it's just a complete,
it's just a fucking waste of time.
Um,
all right Phil,
you've made your goddamn point.
Um,
fuck.
What was I just going to talk about?
I'd started to go into something else.
Yeah.
I don't have any questions for this week.
I don't want,
I don't have anything.
I'm just trying to fuck.
I'm trying to energy my way through this thing.
Uh,
let's,
let's do a little,
ah,
we'll do a little advertising here.
Okay.
If you thought that that was horrific.
Wait,
do you hear me?
Try and read out loud how many we got this week.
We got uhaul,
dos,
tres,
quatro,
Segal.
All right,
we'll do three and two.
Okay.
stamps.com everybody.
Oh Nah,
I would stamps.com everybody.
Technology makes a lot of things easier,
like using the post office with stamps.com you can do everything you can do at
the post office right from your own computer.
Best of all,
it's super easy.
You don't need to be a tech expert.
Everybody with stamps.com all you need is your own come Buddha and your own
printer to buy official US postage for ready.
Any package stamps.com provides all the expertise they'll send a digital scale
automatically calculates the exact postage you do not have to think everybody
stamps.com I'll even help you decide the best class of mail based on your needs.
Then print the postage handed to the mailman,
bing,
Bang,
boom,
you're done.
Done.
Plus stamps.com makes it easier to print postage from popular business software
like quickbooks outlook and more.
I use stamps.com to send out all my posters right now.
Use My last name,
birth for that,
Bu Rr Bravo Uniform Romeo,
Romeo.
For this special offer,
a no risk trial plus $110 bonus offer.
It includes the digital scale and up to $55 free postage.
Do not wait.
Go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
click on the microphone at the top of the page,
the top of the page and type in bur bur that stamps.com enter burr next up to
the plate.
Bang second,
uh,
legal zoom,
everybody.
Most Americans don't have a will,
but why?
Why is that?
You don't want the court dictating what happens to your property and your minor
children.
Do you?
You're not trying to recreate Annie Aria.
So why procrastinate?
Most people say too expensive.
That's too time consuming.
You know what my answer is?
Shut the F,
no legal zoom.com.
Everybody too expensive legal zooms prices just makes sense too.
Time consuming.
Ah,
with the excuses.
It just takes 20 minutes and legal zoom guide you through from start to finish.
The service was developed by that.
Some of the best minds,
legal minds in the country,
and they make it painless for you to get the legal help you need.
In fact,
helping people get legally protect.
They have been helping people get legally protective,
uh,
has been their mission for over 13 years.
God,
I butchered that during national.
Make a will month.
Get special pricing on wills and living trusts by entering burb bur in the
referral box at checkout.
Again,
that discount code is burr.
It's national.
Make a will month,
so don't wait.
Protect your family.
Protect your future@legalzoom.com today,
legal zoom is developed by top attorneys,
attorneys,
attorneys to provide self health services at your specific directions.
However,
they are not a law firm.
Legal help is furnished through the vetted,
independent through vetted independent attorneys,
legalzoom.com discount code bur bur are all right.
The last one here.
Prosper.
Prosper in 72 hours.
You know what?
You could have 35 grand right in your pocket to cover all your needs.
What are you going to do?
Pay Off a high rate credit card interest.
Thingamajiggy start a business,
do that home improvement project.
You know,
go out,
buy a
custom car.
I don't know what you're going to do with it anyways.
Um,
you know what I would do?
I would take that 35 grand and I would go buy a watermelon patch,
you know,
and I make 40 grand selling those watermelons.
Sorry,
host Ed something you do with that money.
I can't handle the pressure.
That's why you don't golf.
Um,
with our sponsor prosper,
it's never been easier.
Seriously,
people go online,
answer a few questions and see your low fixed rate loan and a couple of seconds.
Your money hits your account.
And just in his few is three days slowdown.
Bill prospers the fastest growing peer to peer lender.
They've facilitated over $1 billion in loans to people like you.
They're revolutionary platform connects people looking to borrow money with
those who have money to invest.
There's no outrageous fees,
no raising interest rates and you'll never set a foot.
You'll never set foot in a bank.
Just got to prosper.
prosper.com/burr to check out your rate instantly without affecting your credit
score.
For a limited time prosper is offering my listeners a $50 visa prepaid gift card
when you get alone.
I just thought we were getting out of credit card debt.
Well,
I guess it's free.
Uh,
go to prosper.com/burn up to $35,000 in just three days and a $50 gift card.
go to prosper.com/burr.
Um,
other restrictions may apply.
See Site for detailed gift card is issued by Center State Bank of Florida.
Pursuit to license from Visa USA incorporated.
All personal loans are made by Web Bank,
a Utah charted industrial bank member,
FDIC equal housing lender.
All right,
back to the podcast.
Did any of that last part make any sense?
Um,
all right,
let's get boy,
what other,
more moronic shit can I talk about?
Um,
well,
what did I do this week?
I went on a long hike this morning.
Somebody sent me a nice article about,
uh,
the,
the health benefits of hiking,
which is just like golfing without all the Douche bags.
You don't have to keep score everybody if you just want to go walk and just go,
just go hike.
Do you know what's weird is they actually issued a warning out here for certain
parks that,
uh,
that women should not be hiking alone because evidently there's one or two
perverts that are riding by on bicycles,
grabbing ass and titties as they go by.
And uh,
I know that that's wrong,
but like what,
what do you,
what do you think,
like what kind of a fucking game plan?
I mean,
we all like ass and titties,
right?
Why wouldn't you just walk up and say hello?
Try and opening line,
say,
oh,
beautiful horizon.
I hated going to school,
but if I could go to school and become a psychologist and just,
or a cop who when they finally catch this hunk of Shit,
um,
whose kid hope this damaged child that now has become an adult,
you know,
they can afford a bicycle.
I'm
like,
I don't understand.
Okay.
Are they fat now?
Because that wouldn't work because they're on a bike.
I'm thinking like they just,
I've met the person small.
If I'm going to try to break down what I think this person looks like here.
Let me do a little police work.
All right.
I think the dude is small because he's worried that after he sexually assaults
the woman by grabbing her boob or,
uh,
but uh,
she's,
she has the chance of beating the shit out of him.
So I think he's a smaller fella.
MMM.
Just coming right down the fucking hill,
riding down the hill with his dick standing up.
That's one of the scariest things.
I think I can have a thicker,
yeah.
I wonder if he yells as he goes by,
he just reaches out,
grabs her ass titties.
I mean that's fucking horrible.
What is now when they catch this guy and he goes to jail.
Anybody who goes to jail
for,
uh,
you know,
any pedophiles or rape,
anything sexually fucked up.
They have a rough time.
So like what would they do with him?
You know,
what would be the,
uh,
the punishment.
I mean,
he doesn't deserve an ass rape and for that,
does he,
okay.
Cause if he deserves an ass rape and then what,
what the fuck does the ass rape and deserve?
Maybe it's a very slippery slope.
It's almost like,
you know,
doing your stand up back.
He can't start with the closing bit.
You got nowhere to go.
Okay.
You can't be on 10.
This guy deserves like what?
I'm going to ask the lady,
it's like,
what do you think this guy deserves?
God knows what them,
it's never enough.
Right?
It's never enough.
Like when they suspended Steven A.
Smith after he said,
I'm going to keep talking about that because it was such bullshit when he said
you shouldn't hit a woman.
Right.
MMM.
And they still suspended them.
They went and they cut to this woman,
right?
This lady.
And she's like,
you got suspended like three days or some shit custom,
like fucking half a million dollars,
you know.
And uh,
because he said you should never hit a woman.
And then he had the audacity to say,
let's try to examine the problem from 360 degrees,
you know,
um,
he gets suspended like three days and this fucking woman comes on TV.
And she goes,
I don't think it's enough.
I so wanted to be on TV.
It just be like,
is it ever enough with you bitches?
See that's right.
That's exactly,
yeah.
You call it stop bitches.
No,
I'm not your fucking cunt.
Oh.
Calling you a bitch.
All right.
That's all.
It's a joke.
Lighten the fuck up,
dude.
I swear to God,
you could go out
the average woman,
you could go if you went out and you bought her a fucking Mercedes Benz for door
hard top or whatever.
You know what they'd say?
How come you didn't get to convert?
I'm not saying all of them,
but enough of them.
I guess we do shit too.
You didn't hear any noise that got my hair cut.
Oh,
I thought you go shut.
I mean,
we're morons,
I guess.
Um,
I'm trying to be more empathetic as I get older,
but it's never enough.
It's like they're treating the guy like he hit somebody.
Uh,
I dunno.
I guess I've exhausted,
exhausted that topic.
What do you do when you have an hour long podcast and you don't have any fucking
emails?
Andrew was supposed to send me of these motherfucking
things,
but he's on a hiking excursion,
which I understand cause I would not be fucking send emails either plus of doing
it way early.
So I'm just going to have to sit here and just fucking deal with this goddamn
silence.
Um,
what am I going to bring to the pool party?
Other than my lack of pigment?
I don't want to fucking drink in the sun,
you know.
Hey,
I'm doing another one of those.
Uh,
what is it?
The uh,
the goddamn comedy jam.
I'm doing another one of those.
Uh,
Nah,
I'm not going to tell you the song that I'm playing,
but I have to go down to the fucking drum.
Okay.
Whatever the fuck it is.
I know.
I'm not going to give anybody,
I wish it was a private.
When I know
professional drum shop,
I'll go down there on vine.
I got to get a,
uh,
I got to get a cow bell.
I just had to pause and wait for somebody yelled more cow bell for the umpteen
thousand times.
Like it's still funny.
Um,
okay.
I got to get the cow bell.
You know,
you,
you actually hit it with the bass drum.
I'm the can put it right next to the fucking high hat.
I'm going to try to do a note for note cover this fucking song.
And uh,
this is my new leg.
This is,
this is my golf.
This is how the fuck I have to get out of the Goddamn House.
I probably shouldn't have gone off like that.
Hard on golf.
Right?
Is that right?
Oh,
before I get,
before I get off,
totally off the subject here.
A thank you to everybody who helped up Benny grip a raise some money for his DVD
project.
Um,
drum video,
uh,
thing that he's trying to put together.
I'm the worst at promoting shit,
but I appreciate it.
Um,
all right.
And back to the,
uh,
the golf shoes,
I probably shouldn't have been that difficult.
Know people go out,
they
have a good time,
you know,
I don't fucking know.
I'm just already anticipating the amount of shit people are going to give me for
that.
Um,
anyways,
you know what?
Let's talk about,
you know,
this is something I haven't talked about in a minute because I took off the
fucking summer.
MMM.
Yeah,
that's what I did.
I took off the summer and then my whole fucking downstairs go.
Al went to Shit.
Okay.
Do you know some Weirdo chick emailed me?
She goes,
stop referring it to your downstairs.
Like she was getting something weird sexually out of that.
Like,
that was my issue and I need to stop saying that.
It's just like,
it's like,
ah,
okay.
Yeah,
I guess that's on me.
That's not on you.
And I'm talking about my house and I say that downstairs and you somehow are
thinking about my dick and balls.
You're Weirdo.
Um,
that's the type of shit people said.
Yeah.
All right,
here's,
here's what I got going on,
coming up.
Um,
very quickly,
by the way,
August 21st I'm at the Jiffy Lube live fucking extravaganzas center arena,
whatever the hell it is in Bristow,
Virginia,
doing the comedy odd ball tour.
Um,
on August 22nd,
I'm at Jones beach job.
I,
that's not even a fucking long island accent.
Long Guyland.
Um,
Nikon at Jones beach theater.
Odd Ball comedy tour.
These are all odd ball comedy tours.
Slashing slash pay for bills,
basement tour.
I'm doing the DTE energy music theater.
Uh,
on August 29th in Clarkston,
Michigan.
August 30th,
I'm at the first Niagara Pavilion.
August 31st,
whatever.
Let me just fuck the pavilion.
Shit.
Uh,
August 31st I'm in timely park,
Illinois.
The hell is that.
September 14th,
um,
in,
uh,
Irvine,
California and on,
um,
November 14th,
I'm at the West Palm Beach Improv because I'm going to that hurricanes,
a homicide Samoan hurricanes seminar
game the next day and the day before the,
on the 13th,
I'm going to that dolphins bills game,
which is going to be the shit.
Um,
so anyways,
that's what the fuck I got it
going on.
If for those of you,
if I'm coming back to with a
city or an area and you saw me last year,
I all I got,
I got a brand new fucking,
I got a brand new,
uh,
like 40 minutes.
Okay.
I take my act,
it's done.
That hour is gone.
It's fucking dead to me.
And uh,
I'm coming with all new shit.
All right,
so there you go.
Just cause I go on out cause I have to pay for my fucking house does not mean
that I'm going to fuck you over.
I am coming with new material,
no material.
It will be,
and it's one of the great lineups of all time.
A couple of those shows.
Uh,
well let's click on,
let's see what we got here.
Listen to this shit here.
All right.
I clicked on it.
My Internet's working really slowly lately.
I don't know what that means.
Hey,
did you hear like,
like Google and all these other fucking guys and they're trying to buy up the
whole Internet and then you're going to have to fucking pay them a vig every
month.
Are they going to make your website super slow?
Uh,
you bitch,
they're not even going to tell me who the fuck's on the DS.
Okay.
You can't do that to people.
Oh,
could you do that to people?
All right.
Let's see.
In Bristol,
Virginia
lineup.
All right,
here we go.
Amy Schumer,
Hannibal Burress,
Dave Attell,
Brody Stevens,
Jeff Ross,
uh,
Chris had WIC and Brent Morin.
Look at that.
Look at that lineup.
Okay.
Um,
one of them I think.
Uh,
what is it?
I think it's the,
uh,
the Jones beach one.
That's the other one.
I look up before I,
this whole podcast goes into just a boring,
okay.
Oh,
that's the,
Jesus.
Oh,
Listen to this lineup for Jones beach.
David,
Tell Louis C,
k,
Sarah Silverman,
Chris Hardwick,
Brody Stevens,
Jeff Ross,
Hannibal Burress,
and myself.
All right.
That show should be called go fuck yourself.
Oh.
Oh,
Billy boy.
He's going to go on early on that one.
Um,
all right.
Back to the,
uh,
back to the podcast here.
Um,
all right.
You know who gives a fuck?
I'm just,
I'm just gonna,
I'm gonna just start reading just random
emails that I got off my,
uh,
of my web,
my web,
a toad there.
Uh,
hey bill.
Hi.
How are you?
Huge Fan.
I haven't read any of these things.
I just,
I sort of glanced at me.
He made me lands on me time.
Um,
I recently saw an is small interview in which you said buying a house,
unless you are buying it straight up with money,
you have meaning without alone I guess is a stupid move.
Could you please elaborate because I think you're out of your mind.
That's not what I said.
And also that was part of a longer interview and they took a 50 minute
conversation and made it a minute and a half.
Uh,
this is what he says.
Let me tell you my situation.
My wife and I had been renting a condo for $1,000 a month,
not including utilities,
a three bedrooms,
garage,
great neighborhood,
all that jazz.
The American dream.
The American dream is all about after a year of renting total spent 12 grand,
I decided I'm going to buy a place in the same neighborhood.
Uh,
I gave a 10th out.
I gave 10% down payment of Jesus.
Oh Jesus,
God,
Dude,
you can have that dick in your ass forever.
Um,
and my mortgage is now $870 a month.
Taxes included while my rent was a thousand for the same place,
like the one I just bought.
Now the rent money I am never going to see again.
Um,
that's 12,000 gone forever in only one year,
which I obviously don't regret spending cents.
It was a necessity.
However,
let's say I pay for my house for 10 years,
I would have paid roughly a hundred thousand dollars off for it.
What?
Sure.
I will get raped on taxes,
interest rate from the bank,
Yada,
Yada.
Then I go sell it.
Even if the price of the house didn't go up at all,
I'm going to see some of that money back.
Sure.
Not all of it,
but even if it's half of it,
that's still way smarter than red tick for 10 years and seeing none of it,
uh,
blah,
blah bubble,
you're going to present the usual argument.
All right,
dude,
you're paying $1,000 a month to rent because you don't have like a 500 grand
hanging over your head and you can fucking leave whenever you want.
And if anything goes wrong and the Condo,
somebody else has to fix it.
Okay?
So you're sitting there acting like you got this condo and it's eight 70 a
month,
and that is,
um,
$870 a month.
And that is like,
you're only expenses.
It isn't,
you're easily paying at least a thousand bucks.
Let's do you want to talk about throwing money away?
If you just make the monthly payment,
that 870,
like 860 that is right in the toilet.
That just goes to the bank.
You don't own $870 more.
Your House,
she owned like $9 more.
MMM.
They slowly bleed you for 30 fucking years.
I,
and what I was basically saying is that I'm buying a house that you can afford
is a stupid move because all you're doing is staying in it,
paying interest on it,
while it increases in value,
the only person making money when you go to sell it is going to be the bank and
the real estate agent.
Those are the only two people.
And um,
I don't understand that whole fucking thing.
Like say you bought at the right time and then the fucking thing shoots through
the roof,
right?
Yeah.
House doubles in price and then you sell it and then you've doubled your money.
But now you need a place to live.
So you have to go buy,
go back into this market where everything's doubled.
So it's just the lateral fucking move.
All the money you made,
you,
now I got to put it into this other house.
Unless you somehow downgrade your life.
Why?
Why would you want to do that?
MMM.
The only way to make money,
I think really in a,
in a house is a,
if you can afford it and you can pay it off quickly,
do,
you could pay it off quickly.
Then as the house increases in value,
it's increasing in value for you because what happens,
I feel over the years when you're paying the interest,
the interest is always slightly ahead of how much the house is appreciating in
value.
And that's when you didn't get completely fucked over a few bought at the,
at the height of a bubble,
like so many other people.
Um,
you're upside down on your house and you could stay in it for 30 fucking years
and you still might,
it still might not be worth as much.
I mean the,
I dunno,
I don't really understand what you're trying to ask me.
It's just like,
I guess,
yeah,
you
okay.
After 10 years you could sell your house and you would get some money,
but you're not adding them.
You're not adding this money properly.
Like,
let's say,
okay,
you were throwing 12 grand a month,
a 12 grand a year into the toilet,
you said,
but you had the luxury of not having a half a million dollars in debt hanging
over your head.
You also had the luxury of Veekan basically give a month's notice and fucking
leaf.
Okay?
Um,
you don't have to go through the trying to sell the fucking House and Oh my God,
is this the,
uh,
you know,
the wrong time to be selling it and blah,
blah,
blah.
And I'll fuck though.
Watermain broke.
I have to pay for that.
You don't have to pay for any 12 grand.
Bing,
Bang,
boom.
It's all done.
Condo thing.
People come by,
trim the hedges,
mow the lawn.
You don't have to pay for any of that fucking shit.
12 grand a year.
Done.
That's a beautiful fucking thing.
Now owning a house,
it's a beautiful fucking thing.
If you buy a house that you can afford,
okay?
If you can just kick the shit out of the principal,
but if you're going to go in there and just pay eight 70 a month,
um,
as that house appreciates in value,
it's appreciating in value for the bank,
not for you.
I hate to tell you that sir,
but that's basically it.
Okay.
So let's say now you're throwing eight 70.
$8,700
a year,
okay.
To,
we'll just say roughly we'll say $8,500 a year in interest.
Over 10 years.
You're talking about,
you know,
it starts to go down at the more you've paid in interest at first 10 years is
mostly interest.
So you're going to give them like $75,000.
You're going to throw into the fucking toilet,
all right?
Plus all the expenses,
all the taxes,
all the bullshit of own and a fucking house.
All the shit that I'm going through right now.
Um,
it,
it makes paying $1,000 a month and not owning way better,
way better.
The fact that you can just fucking leave whenever you want to.
And if there's a problem,
you can call somebody.
Up and be like,
yeah dude,
you know,
you need to fix this.
I will not stand for this,
me and my thousand dollars a fucking month.
So,
um,
you're paying way more than 870 bucks a month is all I'm saying.
And I'm not saying like,
that's great that you actually,
what you should do is,
are you taking that extra hundred $30 a month that you're saving and throwing
that,
at least throw that at your principal.
Anything to somehow start sawing away at the chains around your fucking ankles.
Um,
because it is a fuck over.
Do this or do this,
whatever your fucking principle is.
Okay?
Multiply your monthly payment times 12 and then multiply it times 30 and it's
going to be roughly two and a half,
two and a half times.
What the fuck?
Uh,
your loan was.
Okay?
So if your loan was safe for 500 grand,
you're going to pay them back probably anywhere from one point $2 million to 1.5
depending on what your fucking interest rate was.
Okay?
And I don't think in 30 years you're going to get a million.
And a half dollars for that fucking thing.
And let's say you do forget it.
You paid all the taxes and all the bullshit and had to put a new roof and fix
the fucking driveway and the electrical and the pipes and the water damage and
the fucking God knows what else.
The termites and all this shit that happened.
I mean,
you'll,
if you break even,
you fucking crushed it.
That's all I'm saying.
All right.
Now I might be a dick.
I might be raining on your fucking parade there.
But uh,
that's why I feel like if you can buy a house that you can just pay off,
even if it's a shit hole,
if you can just pay it off in five years,
you're better to keep renting and buy a house in another fucking state.
You don't want to live in just by that thing.
Get people in there paying the fucking mortgage and then you,
you pay,
pay down the fucking principal.
You better to do that and then sell that fucking thing and use the equity in
that to then get into a fucking house where you live,
what you want to live.
Uh,
try to kick the shit out of the principal.
But,
uh,
that whole thing getting into a house and all you're asking is what is the
monthly payment going to be?
You're going to get fucked in the ass seven ways to Sunday as they say.
That's what I was trying to say,
but they cut out a ton of what I was,
uh,
what I was talking about sir.
Okay.
So there you are.
Was that boring?
All the kind of board May to,
um,
let's,
let's steer into the boring and let's do a little more advertising.
How Jesus,
this podcast started fast and it's dying a slow,
slow fucking death.
Um,
no,
that's just like off you fucking kill it on the front and I shut up.
Oh,
with your slacks.
All right,
here we go.
Um,
dollar shave club.
Everybody,
uh,
ever wonder why razors are so expensive.
Big shape companies are charging you for,
uh,
for ridiculous shave tech.
You don't need first vibrating handles,
then flashing lights.
Now pivot ball.
Flex heads.
What next?
The MPN fee.
A P three flavors over there.
Enough is enough.
Join Dollar Shave Club for a few bucks a month.
Dollar Shave Club delivers the world's best razors right to your door.
I think dollar shave club better.
Uh,
blades are better than the big shave companies.
for a fraction of the price.
It's so easy.
Go to dollar shave club.com.
Pick one of their razors that they start at three,
$3 a month.
Come on,
come on.
You tight pricks.
Uh,
you don't break the bank.
You don't have to restart a resort to cheap disposables to save cash.
Dollar Shave Club is amazing.
Every month they ship you automatically.
Whatever you want.
They bring it right to your house.
It's for a fraction of the cost the should have been done years ago.
Finally,
somebody picked up the ball and got it right.
You'll never have to buy blades again.
You don't have to squeeze shaves out of some dull,
dirty old razor scraping up your face.
You get a Sh,
you get to shave with a fresh blade every week.
This is absolutely mandatory for anybody that wants a great shave.
You deserve better than a dull blade.
No more ridiculous shaving technology.
Make the smarter choice.
Join Dollar Shave club.com/bird that's dollar shave,
shave club.com/bar all right,
and finally everybody,
Hulu Plus,
you've probably tried Hulu on your computer.
Hulu plus is so much more with Hulu plus you can watch shows on your schedule.
Hulu plus has all your favorite shows like cosmos,
a spacetime Odyssey,
Bob's burgers or undateable starring crystal Leah and watch every episode of
shows like South Park,
the Cosby show or doctor who and many more.
Hulu plus works on your computer.
Smartphone,
Roku,
apple,
TV,
Xbox.
Pretty much anywhere that a streaming,
pretty much any streaming device you already own.
God,
I'm brutal this week.
You should be blocking off a day.
Just a bench with Hulu plus you're in total control does stream these and
thousands more as much as you want,
wherever you want.
If you saw the giant bullet points they made to try to help me through this and
I'm still screwing it up.
Hulu plus is awesome despite my rate.
Okay.
Also get exclusive access to stream the criterion collection,
movies and Hulu plus has all of them all movies and kids.
Shows of ad free to for only seven 99 a month.
Get your shows anytime,
anywhere.
But right now I'm offering my listeners a two week free trial.
When you go to Hulu plus.com/bill Bravo,
India,
Lima,
that's a whole extra week free.
Please make sure you use Hulu plus.com/bill so you get an extended free trial.
And so they know that we sent you,
it helps us keep the lights on and gives you a better deal.
One more time for the I extended for that extended free trial.
Hulu plus.com/bill.
Yeah.
All right.
There you go.
They,
you go,
um,
hey bill,
I need some advice about what a girl did to me.
What this fucking broad did to me over [inaudible].
Uh,
he see this person says,
okay.
So I started talking to this girl and we hung out.
You know what?
We had some fun.
She's beautiful.
She
has a great personality.
Fyi,
what pisses me off is the way she led me on by telling me how lucky she was to
have met me and all this other bullshit.
So I started to fall for this broad over there.
Uh,
she's the first girl that I ever fell in love with a,
this is way,
oh wait,
this is,
she's the first girl that I ever felt this this way before.
Now was that Mia,
him,
she's the first girl that I ever felt this way before.
Now that's him.
And it's both our first year in college.
So out of fucking nowhere,
she tells me that she's got a fucking boyfriend,
which got me fucking Matt guys dropping the F bomb them.
I'm,
I'm believing it here.
So my question is why did she lead me on just to drop me for some mother Fucker,
uh,
as this Guy Mexican for some other fucker.
Uh,
I'm stupid because I still liked her,
sent me straight pill.
And tell me what you would do in that situation and if that ever happened to you
before.
Thanks.
Um,
oh,
Jesus didn't ever happen.
Absolutely.
I've been both of those people.
I've been the Dosha and I've been you.
Um,
all right,
let's see here.
Why did she do that?
Because she's young.
You're both young.
Let it go,
man.
She could have,
she could have done what could have happened to you is so much worse.
Okay.
She could've,
uh,
I dunno,
you could have married,
had a couple of kids with her and then,
then you find out that she wants to be with somebody else that could happen and
you got off easy.
You're young,
you're in the prime,
uh,
your fucking life.
You know,
you're in your first year of college,
Dude.
You're,
you're a number one draft pick.
You got your whole life ahead of you.
You know,
I mean like,
like the level of fucking that you could be bang and right now just out of she,
she the,
the sheer potential that you life still has and what's great about at your age,
you don't really have to prove anything.
All you have to do is be majoring in something that sounds like there's a bunch
of cash at the end of the rainbow.
You tell a fucking couple jokes.
You're in there.
Okay.
So whatever,
you know,
look,
here's one way to look at it.
You know,
you got it.
Let's just say that she isn't just young and immature cause that's what that
sounds like.
Um,
that's,
that's best case scenario.
She might be an absolute psycho at which point you totally got off easy because,
uh,
she's out of your life.
So when I would do is,
uh,
what I always say,
this is what you want to do.
Next time you see it,
you're going to look great because you're going to go to the gym,
you're going to get fucking jacked.
All right,
I'm going to get in the best shape of your fucking life.
And you're going to start hitting on ass fucking two,
three levels above her and one of them's going to say,
yes,
it's a law of averages.
Then someday you'll run into her and be like,
would you look at that fucking broken down hunk of shit that I actually was
worried about?
You know,
now look at me and I'm not saying this new girl isn't going to crush your toe.
Okay.
That's,
that was bad for me to say that.
I'm going to get you in the point where you can't trust people.
But,
uh,
you know,
so it's,
uh,
it's one of the,
one of the growing pains of finally finding whoever the fuck he supposed to be
with.
I guess,
I don't know.
I'm sorry she did that to you.
This sucks.
Um,
I have had that happen to me.
I was,
uh,
how can I tell this story without getting anybody in trouble?
Um,
it was one of my earlier relationships.
Uh,
this woman was a musician.
She was a lot older than I was,
and she was in a band.
Uh,
and there was another dude in the band,
was married to another chick that was in the band.
And um,
you know,
she quit her day job and started spending a lot of time over this guy's house
writing.
I'm doing the air quotes right now,
writing,
working on music,
writing.
Yeah.
Uh,
the dude's wife was getting upset,
was saying,
I don't like you spending all this time with this other woman.
He said,
it's innocent.
We're just writing.
We're over here writing.
And um,
okay.
My girl came home to me and said she was upset that this other broad whatever,
think that,
oh my God,
how the fuck,
you know,
uh,
that she would have a do something like that.
She's like,
I would never do something like that.
I love the guy.
But as a friend,
I'm just over there writing.
Long story short,
me and this woman breakup,
I start a comedy career and about a year and a half later I'm doing a show
and uh,
who comes up to,
who comes up to me at the end of the show,
the wife of the guy that my old girlfriend was writing with and I say,
good to see Ya.
She's like,
yeah,
I can't believe you're doing comedy.
That's awesome.
Hey,
it's great to see and all that type shit.
And I was like,
hey,
where's so and so?
And she goes,
oh,
she's with your girl,
your ex girlfriend now in our,
uh,
and I was just like,
Jesus Christ.
And uh,
I realized that they probably were not writing when we were dating.
And I would love to tell you that I only had one of those stories,
but I,
I had a number of those.
I had like a,
okay,
I had like three women that I know of that did that,
you know,
and then I fucked around two in relationships.
Simon,
where are you going to go?
Wait a little,
give some,
you take some more.
What are you going to do?
It happens.
People,
human beings,
they fuck up.
They make mistakes,
you know,
but you got off easy.
You got it easy.
Jesus Christ.
I told you that fucking story didn't I?
I know I told this one before that time.
Um,
uh,
oh my God,
that was right when I knew I was going to be a comic.
I was,
I went to one of her shows and they were in this band.
I can't say the name of the band.
All right.
I'm not trying to get anybody in trouble.
But they made these sweatshirts for the band that they were selling after the
show and they were all white and they said the name of the band in like this
Miami Vice Pastel.
Okay.
And it's the early 90.
So the Pastel look,
his fucking,
at least that was mid eighties this is early nineties.
So they're going to sell these after the show.
And the woman I was dating said she wanted me to wear the sweat shirt during
their fucking shell.
And I was,
everything in me was screaming,
going,
I don't want to do this.
But for some reason,
I was at that age,
I was,
I was afraid of having a confrontation.
MMM.
And I,
I fucking did it anyways.
I sat in the crowd at their fucking show.
They had an outdoor show during the day and I sat there with a sweatshirt on,
written in Pastel with the name of their band.
Ugh.
All right.
You know,
that's unfuckable why didn't I just say that was so much of my adult life was
learning to just say,
no,
I don't want to do this.
MMM.
You know,
cause I,
I had like more of a,
uh,
you know,
yeah.
My childhood upbringing was like,
shut the fuck up.
You know,
when that is,
like the communication that is going on as you're growing up,
like you will find yourself sitting at a show wearing a sweatshirt with pastel
riding on it and not knowing that you have all the power to be like,
I don't want to do this and take it off.
Um,
or just not put it on.
Okay.
You know,
but I'm glad I didn't say no because the only way I knew how to say no then was
I really would've hurt her.
I couldn't just say,
listen.
Um,
I'm not wearing it.
It's to a feminine.
Okay.
Do you have any guy ones?
You know,
you got a black one in there with like,
it's written in something other than pink and Aqua fucking blow.
All right.
I always getting no vital.
If I really loved her,
I wouldn't,
wouldn't add a problem if I was really comfortable too.
Why was,
I would have fucking,
I would've cut the sleeves off.
I would have tied it off,
right.
Just fucking skip right down the aisle.
Professing my love.
But I didn't love her,
so I don't give a shit that she banged that guy in the band.
Good for her.
Good on you,
lady from my life.
Fucking 25 fucking years ago.
Oh,
Jesus.
That was an old Jesus one right there.
That was another yet a zillion oh,
Jesus.
Moment in my life.
Love it.
I had a rough one,
I'll say,
you know,
um,
anyways,
football season's coming up.
I'm so fucking excited,
man.
I'm actually more excited for the,
uh,
I'm more excited for college football.
I can't fucking wait.
Oh,
let me tell you,
I can't fucking wait.
You know,
and I don't have any dates.
I don't have that many dates.
This,
uh,
this fall,
I'm just in town building up my new hour cause I'm not going to go out in the
road and fuck people over and do the same shit I did the last time.
And then I'll,
I just fuck myself over.
Okay.
That's not the way to do it.
Um,
okay.
And I'm also a,
I got a little project and I'm writing that you guy,
it might see the light of day at some point,
you know?
Oh,
fucking freckles.
freckles.
You know,
you're hanging around Hollywood long enough.
They might give you something.
I'll tell you,
be careful what you wish for.
Um,
what did I want to talk about?
Oh by the way,
if you,
if you enjoy this podcast,
if you enjoy the ramblings of a man sitting in his boxers in the middle of a
Sunday afternoon about ready to go to a pool party,
um,
and you want to donate,
but you don't really want,
just want to give me money,
you want to get something out of it,
just go to [inaudible] dot com you click on the podcast page and you go over to
the Amazon,
uh,
banner and you click on that.
Okay.
And go buy yourself something doesn't cost you any extra money.
And Amazon goes,
Hey,
is a couple of bucks to sending them our way.
We appreciate it.
And that Nice.
Isn't that lovely?
Isn't that how the world work?
Um,
I actually last week said underrated and I said it was Amazon's fucking iTunes
thing that they have and these cunts,
I just want the music and now they're trying to set up this cloud thing for me.
It's just like,
okay,
like welcome to Amazon music.
Here's a few tips to get you started.
Please don't exit the APP while we load your library.
Yeah.
And then they got this little circle thing with that fucking cloud switch
between your cloud and your computer libraries.
Go Fuck Yourself.
Yeah.
Why do you have to have my music?
This is what I don't like about all these fucking,
this computer shit.
I just can't walk in and buy something and leave.
They got,
they got to take a piece of me.
They got to figure out what's he into.
What's he doing,
man?
They're like some psycho chick your banger one fucking time and she's got a
fucking at least get a tee shirt out of it.
You know why?
Why does my music have to live on your site?
I hate that fucking word.
They're just to try and to hang onto you to just keep getting more fucking
money.
They like,
they like leeches.
I'm just gonna go back to buying records.
I swear to God.
No,
the only thing I do like about
the iPod and the iPhone is that you can listen to all that music.
Why you fucking walk around are you in the car?
That's tremendous that you can actually do that.
But um,
yeah.
Other than that,
the fucking trade off these fucking assholes.
I hate when I,
like I even,
I even go into stores now and I'm just like,
yeah,
I'm just paying cash.
I'm just paying cash and they still scan something.
They,
we scans it.
Oh,
do you want to make sure you get the discount?
It's like,
let me get this straight.
You just went out of your way to to have your company make less money and
they're okay with that.
There's no fucking way.
That's all that is.
That is somehow trying to collect data.
At the very least effect that I paid cash.
They're at least doing some sort of moving like a inventory of their shit,
but if I use like what I hate is I go,
hey,
you got a little savvy save fucking card and I go,
no I don't and I don't want you don't scan anything.
I'll swipe my card and then they fucking stay.
Stay scan something.
I'm like,
what the fuck did what?
Why did you just do that?
Oh,
you're putting me in the system.
I just want to get my fucking tooth paste and leave.
What do you then watch me from a fucking satellite?
He switched brands of toothpaste.
What does that mean?
How can we get more money out of him?
He's fucking assholes.
I swear to God they'd done that to me at at,
at the pharmacy like two times.
And is is it?
As you can see,
it's driving me up the fucking wall.
You only need,
that drives me even more up the wall is the people that don't,
that are so fucking dumb.
They don't care.
Let me,
well,
why do I give a fuck?
Where did fuck if you'd figured,
it's like they're making money off of you.
They're taking your private information and then what they do with that is they
then sell it.
They share it with other businesses as they build a file on you.
Shouldn't your private information
okay
or information on you.
Okay.
Maybe because you bought it in the store,
it's not private,
but like shouldn't you get a cut of that?
This setting up this behind the music thing,
where are they going to own the rights to everything that you fucking do and
what shouldn't you get a cut of like a
yeah.
You know,
we,
we shared this information or what kind of toothpaste you like with fucking arm
and hammer over here and they gave us,
you know,
eight bucks for that.
Good.
Well give me two bucks.
Cause if I didn't walk into your fucking store,
you got know you had nothing to sell this.
I walk into your store.
Okay.
I'm bringing something of value and I would like my fucking $2 at least pay me.
It's the principle of the thing.
Jesus,
look at that.
I made it.
I made it coming up on an hour.
Fucking tremendous.
Um,
all right.
Speaking of downloads,
I was talking last week about that Aretha Franklin,
Ohio.
I want to try to download her early albums like ink,
like complete albums because uh,
you know,
cause she's a refill and all they do is just play a fucking her greatest hits.
You know what I mean?
They don't have shit like this.
You know this one,
listen to this shit.
Yeah.
Say,
Oh,
come on.
Where was that song?
They always play respect.
You better think they never play this song,
you know,
wanting to be free.
C'Mon.
It's saying to the world.
She's the shit.
I was thinking,
you know,
I chose,
didn't have it.
I can go over to Amazon.
This is the more mom and pop place.
I'll fucking dumb am I,
you know,
I just realized I'm bitching about this thing and I actually have a banner of
them on my site.
I'm in bed with these horse.
Yeah.
Um,
oh Jesus.
You know what that is?
That's hypocritical behavior or am I just that stupid?
We'll let you decide.
Well,
that's the podcast for this week.
Everybody.
I'm really excited about football,
college football coming up.
Um,
baseball playoffs.
I was playoffs.
I liked those.
You know,
October,
uh,
the red sox have completely shit the bed.
I guess they let everybody go and you know,
it's weird.
That's when I get into it.
That's what I love them.
We'll sit in their rooting for form against the angels.
Every time I looked up,
they will fucking lose it,
you know?
But,
but Troy is still getting up there,
swinging for the fences.
Yeah.
What are you going to do?
Any football predictions,
bill?
Uh,
no,
no.
I have no idea what's going on.
I don't want you to draft.
I don't play fantasy football.
I don't collect football cards anymore.
I am completely out of the fucking loop.
I have no idea what's going to happen.
I think the,
uh,
I think the jet's got a little stronger.
I think we got a little weaker.
I think buffalo got a little stronger.
I think,
you know,
we're,
we're kind of in our swan song of Tom Brady.
He's in the final third of his career.
He has the ability to win another Superbowl,
but I just don't know if we're going to be able to get them the right players in
time.
Uh,
what I'm kind of feeling.
But at the end of it,
he won three of them,
you know,
can't get mad about that.
And he's also one of the legends right up there with Larry Bobby Teddy Ballgame,
Bill Russell and all those motherfuckers.
MMM.
And okay,
that's it.
That's the podcast for this week,
ladies and Gentlemen,
Gentlemen and ladies.
Okay,
let's be fair to the women here.
Okay.
They want equal rights.
So every once in a while you'd have to go second.
Gentlemen and ladies,
I am off to a fucking pool party.
Uh,
I hope I'm not going to be sunburned.
Um,
uh,
it's just the worst.
I want to feel like the boy in the bubble.
I'll be the guy like under the umbrella with my knees up in my chest.
It doesn't make any sense that my skin is this fucking light and that sun does
what it does to my skin.
I've been to Ireland,
I've been there.
It's sunny.
I don't get it.
I guess Scandinavia when you get out,
but I don't have any Scandinavian blood.
The fuck did that come from?
Okay.
Scotland,
I guess it rains all the time.
I Dunno.
I think I'm just weird.
All right,
everybody,
that's a podcast this week.
Go fuck yourselves.
Have a wonderful week and I will talk to you next Monday.